okay this is my earthquake 80 after
tearing it down having problems with
gears chipping the teeth off this is the
rear diff of the third one I've had and
looks like it's doing okay if you can
tell I've got three shims where the
pinion is and that seems like it's a
little tight so I may come back off
there but one thing I want everybody to
see is that
you can see how far across it comes so
trying to figure out what how to shim
this from the side-to-side motion
same with the front diff but you can see
if you look there and that's tight
definitely too tight
as you can see
have a few
chips right there and that's probably
from being too tight but this one also
does the back and forth
I guess it's just easy enough just to
show them I don't know here my other
diffs that I had in there pretty pretty
easy on them I think I am but now here's
here's another
either one that I had right there and
see that one had every all the teeth
should be right off on it so same with
it's named a fat one right right there
if anybody can give me an idea both both
opinions are pretty tight
there's no I'm moving right there and
there's no play so that's probably way
too tight it's a little bit of play
right there as you can see but this
whole signed a signed deal that's a
little excessive I would guess I don't
know anybody